# JPractice

## JPractice is...

### ... an app for Japanese pronunciation practice

There are a multitude of very good apps for learning Japanese out there, but
remarkably few of them are optimized for the following: Creating lists of
Japanese words and expressions, and practicing their pronunciations by writing
them out. This app does that, and not a lot else.

## JPractice does not claim to be...

### ... well-written

I tend to prioritize implementation over planning, get distracted by details,
implement ad-hoc solutions, and end up getting too demotivated by the spaghetti
code this results in to refactor my code. I had the hopes that this project
would be less complex than the project I'm reverse-engineering; it's not.

### ... well-documented

I have not really focused on writing documentation at all, which is probably
going to come back to bite me.

### ... well-tested

There is one test file in this project. It was auto-generated by the `android
create project` command, and I have not looked at it once.

### ... useful

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS-IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR ANY GUARANTEES, EXPLICIT OR
IMPLIED, NOT EVEN FOR SUITABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT
RETAIN ANY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CONSEQUENCES, INTENDED OR UNINTENDED, RESULTING
FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ANY OF ITS CONSTITUENTS, OR DERIVATIONS
THEREOF.

No, seriously, I made this app for myself, and I'm not claiming it to be useful
to anyone else.

## Purpose of this repository

1. Provide an online access point for this project in case of switching
   workstations or catastrophic drive failure
2. Function essentially as a TODO-list using GitHub's features for stuff
